---
layout: post
title: About Me
---
# About Me 

Hey readers! I am Caroline Ernst (she/her), a senior English major at Christopher Newport University. Within my major, I am working on a writing concentration, and I have minors in literature and classical studies. On campus, I am also a consultant for the writing center, a tutor for Italian, and work as the lead tutor for all of the foreign language tutors. 

Whenever I announce that I am an English major, I always get a lot of looks of pity. Even when I told my mother that I was getting my degree in English, she chimed in with that all too familar refrain: *but there's no jobs in English!* 

When it comes to English majors, it seems there are three options: teaching, law, and publishing. Personally, I would love to go into editing, since I love working technically with the language and with formatting to bring a work together effectively for its intended audience. 

I think that's why this class appealed to me. Last semester, when I was talking with my advisor about what classes to take to start off my senior year, she asked me what I thought about Writing for the Digital Humanities. While I was more than confident that I would be more than fine in any class that involved writing, I admitted that I wasn't really sure what writing for the digital humanities meant. After she explained it to me, I knew that this would be a class that could potentially give me skills that I could use further down the road in my career. 

For me, trying new things within my field are important. Writing is a fluid are that can constantly change and adapt to the times. 

I found my love for creative writing when I was in high school by participating in a two-week day camp for creative writers. Since then, I have worked with my creative writing skills, trying new techniques and different styles to find my place as a **creative** writer, and not just an academic writer. 

Two years ago, I joined [CNU's chapter of Her Campus](https://www.hercampus.com/school/cnu), an online publication similar to Buzzfeed that focuses on the empowerment of university women. I was invited by another English major who introduced me to our chapter's writing team: a group of girls who publish weekly articles about whatever they want. Current events, campus events, how to's--we could write it all! This kind of writing was something I had never done before, so again, I had to play around and find a style and voice that worked for me. Now, I have [a large repertoire](https://www.hercampus.com/author/caroline-ernst) of article types and styles that I feel comfortable with. In addition, writing for Her Campus has given me a good understanding of what it is like to write for an online publication and work with other writers. 
